	$NetBSD: contents,v 1.6 1998/10/21 14:32:36 minoura Exp $	

The x68k-specific portion of the NetBSD _VER release is found in the
"x68k" subdirectory of the distribution.  That subdirectory is laid
out as follows:

.../NetBSD-_VER/x68k/
			binary/		x68k binary distribution sets;
					see below.

			floppies/	x68k boot and installation
					floppy; see below.

			utils/		installation utilities which
					runs on Human68k.

There is a floppy image in the "x68k/floppies" subdirectory of the
NetBSD _VER distribution, called "boot.fs".  This can be used for both
installing NetBSD/x68k for the first time, and upgrading it from the
previous release.

The NetBSD/x68k binary distribution sets contain the binaries which
comprise the NetBSD _VER release for the x68k.  There are seven binary
distribution sets.  The binary distribution sets can be found in
subdirectories of the "x68k/binary" subdirectory of the NetBSD _VER
distribution tree, and are as follows:

	base	The NetBSD/x68k _VER base binary distribution.  You
		MUST install this distribution set.  It contains the
		base NetBSD utilities that are necessary for the
		system to run and be minimally functional.  It
		includes shared library support, and excludes
		everything described below.
		[ 8.7M gzipped, 25.2M uncompressed ]

	comp	The NetBSD/x68k Compiler tools.  All of the tools
		relating to C, C++, Objective C, and FORTRAN (yes,
		there are two, although NO FORTRAN compiler!).
		This set includes the system include files
		(/usr/include), the linker, the compiler tool chain,
		and the various system libraries (except the shared
		libraries, which are included as part of the base
		set).  This set also includes the manual pages for all
		of the utilities it contains, as well as the system
		call and library manual pages.
		[ 6.5M gzipped, 22.8M uncompressed ]

	etc	This distribution set contains the system
		configuration files that reside in /etc and in several
		other places.  This set MUST be installed if you are
		installing the system from scratch, but should NOT be
		used if you are upgrading.  (If you are upgrading,
		it's recommended that you get a copy of this set and
		CAREFULLY upgrade your configuration files by hand.)
		[ 53K gzipped, 330K uncompressed ]

	games	This set includes the games and their manual pages.
		[ 2.8M gzipped, 7.0M uncompressed ]

	man	This set includes all of the manual pages for the
		binaries and other software contained in the base set.
		Note that it does not include any of the manual pages
		that are included in the other sets.
		[ 2.4M gzipped, 9.8M uncompressed ]

	misc	This set includes the system dictionaries (which are
		rather large), the typesettable document set, and
		man pages for other architectures which happen to be
		installed from the source tree by default.
		[ 2.1M gzipped, 8.2M uncompressed ]

	text	This set includes NetBSD's text processing tools,
		including groff, all related programs, and their
		manual pages.
		[ 1.0M gzipped, 3.7M uncompressed ]

For other platform, there is a security distribution named "secr"
provided.  The x68k security distribution is not provided in the
binary form.

The x68k binary distribution sets are distributed in the same form as
the source distribution sets; catted together, the members of a set
form a gzipped tar file.  Each x68k binary distribution set also has
its own "CKSUMS" file, just as the source distribution sets do.

The instructions given for extracting the source sets work equally
well for the binary sets, but it is worth noting that if you use that
method, the files are extracted "below" the current directory.  That
is, if you want to extract the binaries "into" your system, i.e.
replace the system binaries with them, you have to run the "tar xvfp"
from /.  Also note that if you upgrade or install this way, those
programs that you are using at the time will NOT be replaced.  If you
follow the normal installation or upgrade procedures, this will be
taken care of for you.
