# $NetBSD: form,v 1.2 2001/08/01 08:11:33 garbled Exp $
list:YES,NO			Restart inetd?
script:script1,ftp,tcp		Ftp service
script:script1,telnet,tcp	Telnet service
script:script1,shell,tcp	Rshd/shell service
script:script1,login,tcp	Rlogind/login service
script:script1,exec,tcp		Rexecd/exec service
script:script1,uucpd,tcp	Uucpd service
script:script1,nntp,tcp		Nntp service
script:script1,finger,tcp	Finger service
script:script1,ident,tcp	Ident service
script:script1,tftp,udp		Tftp service
script:script1,comsat,udp	Comsat/biff service
script:script1,ntalk,udp	Ntalk service
script:script1,bootps,udp	Bootpd service
script:script1,hunt,udp		Hunt service
script:script1,tcpmux,tcp	Tcpmux service
script:script1,echo,tcp		Echo TCP service
script:script1,discard,tcp	Discard TCP service
script:script1,chargen,tcp	Chargen TCP service
script:script1,daytime,tcp	Daytime TCP service
script:script1,time,tcp		Time TCP service
script:script1,echo,udp		Echo UDP service
script:script1,discard,udp	Discard UDP service
script:script1,chargen,udp	Chargen UDP service
script:script1,daytime,udp	Daytime UDP service
script:script1,time,udp		Time UDP service
script:script1,qotd,tcp		QOTD/Fortune service
script:script1,klogin,tcp	Kerberized rlogin service
script:script1,eklogin,tcp	Encrypted Kerberized rlogin service
script:script1,kshell,tcp	Kerberized rsh/shell service
script:script1,kerberos-adm,tcp	Kadmind service
script:script1,kpasswd,udp	Kpasswdd service
script:script1,hprop,tcp	Kerberos DB propogation service
script:script1,rstatd/1-3,rpc/udp	Rstatd RPC service
script:script1,rusersd/2-3,rpc/udp	Rusers RPC service
script:script1,walld/1,rpc/udp		Rwalld RPC service
script:script1,sprayd/1,rpc/udp		Sprayd RPC service
script:script1,rquotad/1,rpc/udp	Rquotad RPC service
script:script1,ftp,tcp6			Ftp IPV6 service
script:script1,telnet,tcp6		Telnet IPV6 service
script:script1,shell,tcp6		Rshd/shell IPV6 service
script:script1,login,tcp6		Rlogin/login IPV6 service
script:script1,finger,tcp6		Finger IPV6 service
script:script1,tftp,udp6		TFTP IPV6 service
script:script1,kpasswd,udp6		Kpaswwdd IPV6 service
script:script1,rstatd/1-3,rpc/udp6	Rstatd IPV6 RPC service
script:script1,rusersd/2-3,rpc/udp6	Rusersd IPV6 RPC service

